docs: fix configuration file name of the custom preset (#1760)
unjs/nitro: docs/content/2.deploy/3.custom-presets.md

> First, we have to define our preset entry point in a local directory `preset/index.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we have to define our preset entry point in a local directory `preset/nitro.config.ts`
```
